Version update (#54)
logzio/logzio-python-handler: README.md

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/logzio-python-handler.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/logzio-python-handler) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/logzio/logzio-python-handler.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/logzio/logzio-python-handler)

# The Logz.io Python Handler

<table><tr><th>

### Deprecation announcement

> Version 2.1.0 of this project ends support for Python 2.7 & 3.4. We recommend migrating your projects to Python 3.5 or newer as soon as possible. We'll be happy to answer any questions you have in [a GitHub issue](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-python-handler/issues).

Reviewer: Add a ends support for python 3.3 as well. I see we wrote something about it in the readme. And delete the section where we wrote we won't support python3.3

Author: done.

> Thanks! <br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<br><br> Thanks! <br>
```

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/logzio-python-handler.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/logzio-python-handler) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/logzio/logzio-python-handler.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/logzio/logzio-python-handler)

# The Logz.io Python Handler

<table><tr><th>

### Deprecation announcement

> Version 2.1.0 of this project ends support for Python 2.7, 3.3, 3.4. We recommend migrating your projects to Python 3.5 or newer as soon as possible. We'll be happy to answer any questions you have in [a GitHub issue](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-python-handler/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 2.1.0 of this project ends support for Python 2.7, 3.3, and 3.4. We recommend migrating your projects to Python 3.5 or newer as soon as possible. We'll be happy to answer any questions you have in [a GitHub issue](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-python-handler/issues).
```

```

## Tested Python Versions
<table><tr><th>

> ### Deprecation announcement

Reviewer: I feel like this table should be at the top. @imnotashrimp WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Yes. I understand why it should be here, and maybe a smaller note that reiterates the deprecation notice makes sense here — but this is a big enough deal that it should be right under the first H1.

Author: Moved it, let me know if it's ok :)

> As of version 2.1.0, this project will no long support Python 2.7 & 3.4. We recommend migrating your projects to Python 3.5+ as soon as possible. We'll be happy to answer any questions you have in [a GitHub issue](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-python-handler/issues). <br><br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Version 2.1.0 of this project ends support for Python 2.7 & 3.4. We recommend migrating your projects to Python 3.5 or newer as soon as possible. We'll be happy to answer any questions you have in [a GitHub issue](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-python-handler/issues). <br><br>
```

Author: Made those changes, thanks!
